---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "adyen_webhooks_company Resource - adyen"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# adyen_webhooks_company (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `webhooks_company` (Attributes) Subscribe to receive webhook notifications about events related to your company account.

You can add basic authentication to make sure the data is secure.

To make this request, your API credential must have the following roles:

Management API—Webhooks read and write (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company))

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company`

Required:

- `accepts_expired_certificate` (Boolean) Indicates if expired SSL certificates are accepted. Default value: false.
- `accepts_self_signed_certificate` (Boolean) Indicates if self-signed SSL certificates are accepted. Default value: false.
- `accepts_untrusted_root_certificate` (Boolean) Indicates if untrusted SSL certificates are accepted. Default value: false.
- `active` (Boolean) Indicates if the webhook configuration is active. The field must be 'true' for Adyen to send webhooks about events related an account.
- `communication_format` (String) Format or protocol for receiving webhooks. Possible values:

soap
http
json
- `type` (String) The type of webhook that is being created. Possible values are:

standard
account-settings-notification
banktransfer-notification
boletobancario-notification
directdebit-notification
ach-notification-of-change-notification
pending-notification
ideal-notification
ideal-pending-notification
report-notification
rreq-notification
Find out more about standard notification webhooks and other types of notifications.
- `url` (String) Public URL where webhooks will be sent, for example https://www.domain.com/webhook-endpoint.

Optional:

- `certificate_alias` (String) The alias of Adyen SSL certificate. When you receive a notification from Adyen, the alias from the HMAC signature will match this alias.
- `encryption_protocol` (String) SSL version to access the public webhook URL specified in the url field. Possible values:

TLSv1.3
TLSv1.2
 & HTTP. HTTP is Only allowed on Test environment.
If not specified, the webhook will use sslVersion: TLSv1.2.
- `filter_merchant_account_type` (String) Shows how merchant accounts are filtered when configuring the webhook.

Possible values:

allAccounts : Includes all merchant accounts, and does not require specifying filterMerchantAccounts.
includeAccounts : The webhook is configured for the merchant accounts listed in filterMerchantAccounts.
excludeAccounts : The webhook is not configured for the merchant accounts listed in filterMerchantAccounts.
- `filter_merchant_accounts` (List of String) A list of merchant account names that are included or excluded from receiving the webhook. Inclusion or exclusion is based on the value defined for filterMerchantAccountType.

Required if filterMerchantAccountType is either:

includeAccounts
excludeAccounts
Not needed for filterMerchantAccountType: allAccounts.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password required for basic authentication.
- `populate_soap_action_header` (Boolean) Indicates if the SOAP action header needs to be populated. Default value: false. Only applies if communicationFormat: soap.
- `username` (String) Username to access the webhook URL.

Read-Only:

- `additional_settings` (Attributes) Additional shopper and transaction information to be included in your standard notifications. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--additional_settings))
- `description` (String) Your description for this webhook configuration.
- `has_error` (Boolean) Indicates if the webhook configuration has errors that need troubleshooting. If the value is true, troubleshoot the configuration using the testing endpoint.
- `has_password` (Boolean) Indicates if the webhook is password protected.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for this webhook.
- `links` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--links))

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--additional_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.additional_settings`

Read-Only:

- `exclude_event_codes` (List of String) Object containing list of event codes for which the notification will NOT be sent.
- `include_event_codes` (List of String) Object containing list of event codes for which the notification will be sent.
- `properties` (Map of Boolean) Object containing boolean key-value pairs. The key can be any standard webhook additional setting, and the value indicates if the setting is enabled. For example, captureDelayHours: true means the standard notifications you get will contain the number of hours remaining until the payment will be captured.


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.links`

Read-Only:

- `company` (Attributes) The API URL to the company account associated with the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--company))
- `generate_hmac` (Attributes) The API URL to generate an HMAC key for the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--generate_hmac))
- `self` (Attributes) The API URL to the webhook itself. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--self))
- `test_webhook` (Attributes) The API URL to test the webhook. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--test_webhook))

<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--company"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.links.company`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--generate_hmac"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.links.generate_hmac`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--self"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.links.self`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--webhooks_company--links--test_webhook"></a>
### Nested Schema for `webhooks_company.links.test_webhook`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String)
